this one goes out to all sides worldwide let that playa-ass nigga thumpy be your guide as we go on a ride where playa-hatin' killers and hood niggas thrive and lame muh'fuckers can barely survive catch me rollin' through the city ridin' with the top off man, my whip so big when you in it, fuck around and get lost told my bitch to let her hair down what this shit cost? tell me, baby, if you 'bout that life right now hope it ain't talk, no i could put you in the mile high club what's up? let's take a trip have you ever read \"the world is yours\" on a blimp? tell her be free, baby, spread your wings got your legs in the sky like a plane let me guide that, i'm the pilot can't nobody see you, 30,000 feet on your knees in them prada's makin' freaky shit come up out her get high, baby, roll one cloud nine 'bout to go up lovin' the feelin' the turbulence get when we turn up when we land we can roll out show you somethin' you ain't know 'bout tonight we be takin' off flight with a camera to show out i got you in the air, your body in the air how it feel up here? you can scream as loud as you want loud as you can, and ain't nobody gonna hear would you like it better if i hit the west coast? tell me baby if you 'bout that life right now i hope it ain't talk i could put you in the mile high club what's up? let's take a trip have you ever read \"the world is yours\" on a blimp? tell her be free, baby, spread your wings got your legs in the sky like a plane let me guide that, i'm the pilot can't nobody see you, 30,000 feet on your knees in them prada's makin' freaky shit come up out her get high baby, roll one cloud nine 'bout to go up lovin' the feelin' the turbulence get when we turn up when we land we can roll out show you somethin' you ain't know 'bout tonight we be takin' off flight with a camera to show out cole world, i got it, i got it, i got it, listen you need a nigga that's gon' come over and dig you out you need a nigga that you know is not gon' run his mouth you need a nigga when he done probably gon' put you out you need a nigga that's gon' put it in your mouth dick so big it's like a foot is in yo mouth and you ain't babysittin' but my kids all on yo couch and oh, you nasty, oh, oh, you nasty both graduated so fuck keepin' it classy look, they love me in the chi like mj they love me in the chi like oprah no nigga could block, not even dikembe compared to cole, boy, you're softer than a sofa and so far my new shit's so fire, nigga, check my profile who you know make waves in the low tide? deebo'd yo bitch, now she both ours nigga, little brown liquor in my liver pretty brown thing in my bed been a long time since i had to ask for head so goddamn, don't make me beg but i will if i need to, 'cause for real, girl, i need you i could put you on a flight, we could take off tonight if you scared of heights, shit, i got a pill i could feed you cole i could put you in the mile high club what's up? let's take a trip have you ever read \"the world is yours\" on a blimp?